Since 1980's, the most popular way of displaying graphics is to use the X11 protocol (X protocol, 11th specification). 
To keep things simple, X11 is a network-oriented protocol designed to render graphical elements other than lines of text on the screen. 
Several implementations of this protocol exist, but the most popular/used is the Xorg one.
For the whole thing to work, two elements are required: an X server (in our case the Xorg server), and clients that are able to request 
things to the X server (they are basically all the GUI applications you use every day). These applications can communicate with the server 
by using a programming interface: the most popular one (which the minilibx primarily relies on) is the Xlib.
The Xlib handles the low level things, and there's a lot of things to understand before we can actually start rendering graphics. 
Fortunately, more advanced libraries built on top of Xlib have been created, allowing us to focus on the most important: the app we want to build.
The minilibx is one of them: it is not as featured as libraries like SDL2 or GTK, but it does a good job at abstracting the complicated 
low level stuff.
The minilibx is using the X11 protocol under the hood.

// Initializing the minilibx
When using the minilibx, you need to initialize a bunch of stuff before you can actually start to render things. 
The library ships with a single function that precisely does this job: mlx_init. Under the hood, this function creates a structure 
that contains all the stuff the minilibx will need in order to do its things.

// void	*mlx_init();
That's a really simple function, but there is something interesting here. What the mlx_init function actually returns is a void pointer. 
If you're not familiar with it, a void pointer is basically an address, but the compiler doesn't know what type this address is pointing to. 
That's the easiest way to build a kind of "generic" in C. In reality, the minilibx returns the address of a t_xvar element, which is the big
structure containing all the useful stuff I was talking about earlier.

https://aurelienbrabant.fr/blog/getting-started-with-the-minilibx